Okay. Here's the solution.
We are given a radar which has an operating frequency of 77 gigahertz and
the task is to calculate the velocity of four targets in meter per second.
It has the following Doppler frequency shifts;
three kilohertz minus 4.5 kilohertz,
11 kilohertz minus three kilohertz,
and we know the speed of flight.
Using that, we can determine the wavelength of the signal,
since we know the frequency of our signal is 77 gigahertz.
The wavelength of the signal is defined dividing the speed of light by frequency,
and as you are given,
we create a vector of our Doppler shift.
Using the Doppler shift and the wavelength we calculated,
we can determine the relative velocity for each target.
Once we run the code,
here you get your relative velocities for all four different targets.
The first target has a relative velocity of 5.8 meter per second,
and the second one is minus 8.7,
the third target has a relative velocity of 21.42 meter per second,
and the last one is minus 5.8 meter per second.
We need to be careful with the sign of the velocities,
since they correspond to the receding and approaching targets.